- [Instructor] Now let's look
at configuring Spring's JMS Connections
using Spring's SingleConnectionFactory
and talk briefly about the reasons for use
and what this offers.
So the Javadoc on Spring's SingleConnectionFactory
says a JMS ConnectionFactory adapter
that returns the same connection
from all create connection calls
and it ignores calls to the close Connection.close
according to the JMS connection model.
This is perfectly thread-safe
in contrast to example JDBC connections.
The shared connection can be automatically recovered
in case of an exception.
So this can be done by setting
the ReconnectedOnException to true.
This is useful when needing to connect
to multiple different MOMs
which means supplying multiple connection factories
and in turn would require multiple JmsTemplates
to be configured.
SingleConnectionFactory in combination
only really makes sense for sharing a single JMS connection
across multiple JMS listeners.
This is not useful when messaging load increases,
we would want to switch to a caching
connection factory at this point.
To use a SingleConnectionFactory,
let's open our JMS config and add a few properties
to the screen.
First, we'll remove the Autowired ConnectionFactory
and we'll add an @Value
with some strange syntax here.
This is a Spring's l syntax expression language.
And we've got the dollar sign, curly bracket,
we're gonna type spring
activemq
.broker
- url
and if you're wondering what this connects to,
if you look at the application.yml again,
you'll notice spring, activemq,
broker-ulr.
And then we're going to assign this to a property.
So we'll say private
String
brokerUrl.
That will read from the application.yml
and assign that value to that property.
We'll also add another one.
Value, we'll use again the curly brackets,
the dollar sign, say spring activemq,
this time we'll specify user
and we'll create a private String user object.
And the last one we'll do
is Value,
curly brackets again, spring,
activemq.password
and we'll supply this a password property.
These properties, as I just mentioned,
are reused from the application yml
in our ConnectionFactory.
So let's uncomment
our ConnectionFactory here.
And inside the method, we're going to have this return
a SingleConnectionFactory.
Make sure you use the jms ConenctionFactory here.
And inside this method, we're going to instantiate
a SingleConnectionFactory.
We'll call this SingleConnectionFactory
and we'll say equals new SingleConnectionFactory.
For our ActiveMQ factory that we already have specified,
we're actually gonna swap out these properties
and we're gonna use the ones we just mapped above
with our add value statements.
So the first one, we're gonna supply is
the user value.
Next one's going to be the password value
and the last one will be our brokerUrl value.
Now, I just instantiated this object,
let's copy this,
cut it, move it down a line.
And inside the constructor, we're going to apply it
the factory from our ActiveMQConnectionFactory.
Then we're gonna change the return type
to our SingleConnectionFactory.
Additionally, we need to set the SingleConnectionFactory
and set the ReconnectOnException
to true.
Now, optionally, we can set the client ID setter
which will be more identifiable if doing troubleshooting.
We could do that by saying SingleConnectionFactory
setClientId.
And the client ID will be expressly seen
in ActiveMQ when we're troubleshooting,
so we could type myclientId.
As you have more and more of these systems
connecting to ActiveMQ,
the client ID will be easier to identify.
And that's it.
We don't have to add a bean for JmsTemplate
because it will use the ConnectionFactory automatically.
If we decided to connect two or more MOMs,
then we'd add new beans specifically for JmsTemplates
and different connection factories.